Enable Aimbot - Automatically aim at someone.
Aimkey - Aimbot will only lock when pressing the assigned key.
Aimkey mode - What should the Aimkey do if one is assigned?.
Disabled - Aimbot will be active countinously.
Pressed - Aimbot is enabled while Aimkey is pressed.
Not pressed - Aimbot is active while Aimkey is not pressed.
Toggle - Aimbot gets toggled on pressing the aimkey.
Silent - Stops your view from flicking.
Specator mode - How should the Aimbot react to spectators?.
Always on - Aimbot will remain on even when spectated.
Firstperson - Aimbot will turn off when spectated through Firstperson.
Spectated - Aimbot will turn off as soon as you are being spectated.
Slow Aimbot - Aimbot will not snap to the enemy instantly.
FOV - Restricts the Aimbot to a certain Distance from the crosshair.
FOV Circle - Shows the Aimbot's FOV.
FOV Opacity - Sets the FOV's circle opacity.
Only Shoot When Able - Aimbot won't lock on when you are for example reloading or your clip is empty.
Miss Chance - % Chance the Aimbot will miss on purpose.
Extrapolate - Compensate for ping with projectiles (not recommended).
Zoomed Only - Aimbot will only lock on if you are zoomed in, if applicable.
No Spread - Disable weapon inaccuracy for Projectile weapons.
Enable Projectile Aimbot - Enables Aimbot for projectile based weapons.
Gravity/Velocity Override - Developer setting for changing the gravity of Projectiles.
Sticky Threshold - Makes the Projectile Aimbot only shoot the sticky depending on how full it is.
riority Mode - On who should the Aimbot focus first.
Smart - Combines all Priority modes in a way for high FOV sniping.
FOV - Aimbot will target the closest enemy to your crosshair.
Distance (Closest/Highest) - Aimbot will prioritize on the closest/furthest person away from you.
Health (Lowest/Highest) - Aimbot will prioritize on the lowest/highest health that a enemy has first.
Target Team - At which Team should the Aimbot be able to shoot at?.
Enemies - Aimbot will only target the enemy Team.
Teammates - Aimbot will only target your Team.
All - Aimbot will shoot at your and the enemy Team.
Hitbox Mode - How should the Aimbot choose the best Hitbox to shoot at?.
Auto - Aimbot will try to aim at the best optimal Hitbox available.
Auto closest - Aimbot will shoot at the Hitbox closet to your crosshair.
Static - Aimbot will only shoot at one given Hitbox.
Hitbox - Select which Hitbox the Aimbot should aim at (If Static in Hitbox Mode is turned on).
Max Range - Restricts the Aimbot to a certain range.
Multipoint - Aimbot splits the Hitbox into multiple points and aims at the closet one.
Assistance Only - Aimbot is only active if your mouse has moved in the last half second.
Lock Target - Aimbot locks onto a target until they die or leave your FOV.
Rage Only - Aimbot will only shoot at players marked as Rage.
Aim at Stickybombs - Aimbot will target Stickybombs.
Aim at Sentry Guns - Aimbot will target Sentry Guns.
Aim at Other Buildings - Aimbot will target Dispensers and Teleporters.
Ignore Cloaked Spies - Aimbot will ignore Cloaked Spies.
Ignore Vaccinator Uber - Aimbot will ignore players with vaccinator ubercharge.
Ignore Dead Ringer Spies - Aimbot will ignore dearingered spies.
Enable Auto Heal - Automatically heal people around you.
Silent - Stops your view from flicking.
Heal SteamID Only - Only heals the specific SteamID.
SteamID - Put in a specific SteamID to heal.
Auto Uber - Automatically pop uber.
Share Uber - Share uber to multiple people.
Ratio Trigger - Ubers when the person gets below the given health amount.
Pop on Voicecommand - Automatically pop uber on "7.Activate Charge!".
Only Heal Friends - Only heal players that are marked as Friends.
Health Priority - Decide which class to automatically heal first.
Enable Auto Vaccinator - Automatically use vaccinator charges.
Reset Timer - How long you have to be idle for it to switch back.
Default Resist - Automatically switch to a preferred Resistance when you are idle.
Sniper Pop - How should Auto Vaccinator react to Snipers?
Never - It will ignore Snipers regardless of whats going on.
Visible, zoom - Reacts to visible snipers that are zoomed in and are aiming near your or your healing target.
Any zoomed - Reacts to visible snipers regardless of where there aiming.
Enable - Enables Auto Vaccinator to use the Blast Resistance.
Pop on Near Crit - Automtically pops when a crit rocket/sticky/pill lands near you.
Danger Range - Control the range in which it will auto pop for a crit projectile.
Rocket Health Pop - Automatically pops when you are on the given amount of health (%).
Min. Charges - How many charges you need to have in order for Auto Vaccinator to be able to use Blast Resistance.
Enable Auto Backstab - Automatically backstabs a enemy player if possible.
Auto Backstab Mode - How should the Auto Backstab work or perform?
Legit - Only backstab players when you are looking at their backs.
Rage - Backstab people when they face their back to you or you face them.
Backtrack - Same as what Rage does except its for Backtrack ticks.
Legit Backtrack - Same as what Legit does except its for Backtrack Ticks.
Enable - Makes it harder for cheaters to hit you (not always).
No Clamping - Useful for normal angles (usually not).
Fakelag - Makes it harder to hit you by increasing your outgoing lag.
Spin Speed - Set your Yaw Spin Speed.
Roll - Recommended to not use it as it is very buggy as of now.
Custom Pitch/Yaw - Set your own custom Static/Offset Angles.
Pitch/Yaw Mode - Sets the Anti-Aim modes for Pitch/Yaw, while Fake Anti-Aims are for HVH and Fake yaw ones will use Fakelag.
Enable - Makes it harder for cheaters to hit you (not always).
No Clamping - Useful for normal angles (usually not).
Fakelag - Makes it harder to hit you by increasing your outgoing lag.
Spin Speed - Set your Yaw Spin Speed.
Roll - Recommended to not use it as it is very buggy as of now.
Custom Pitch/Yaw - Set your own custom Static/Offset Angles.
Pitch/Yaw Mode - Sets the Anti-Aim modes for Pitch/Yaw, while Fake Anti-Aims are for HVH and Fake yaw ones will use Fakelag.
Enable - Spams certain Anti-Aims so cheaters are less probable to hit your Anti-Aim.
Flip Key - Be able to flip your angles (e.g. up/fakeup).
Interval - Amount in seconds it switches between up and down angle.
Random Low/High - Sets a random Interval given any numbers (If Interval is set it overwrites these two).
Mode - Determines which kind of angles to use for Anti-Resolver.
Spam Mode - What kind of content should be spammed in the chat?
Disabled - Nothing will be spammed.
Custom - Will use custom spam created by you through a txt file provided through "Custom Spam".
Default - Spams default lines created by Cathook Developers.
Lennyfaces - Spams Lennyfaces.
Newlines - Essentially its chat clear spam.
Nullcore - Spams Nullcore's Advertisement Spam.
Lmaobox - Spams Lmaobox's Advertisement Spam.
Lithium - Spams Lithium's Advertisement Spam.
Custom Spam - this is where you put in your txt file name for your custom spam.
Randomize - Instead of using chat spam lines from top to bottom it will use random ones out of the list.
Spam Delay - How long it should take between each spam message to be sent.
Spam in teamchat - Chat Spam only in your teamchat.
Voice Spam - This is where you can set what voicecommand will be spammed, you can choose from a few specific voicelines or just let it say random lines.
Enable Chat Log - Enables your bots to relay messages to your discord or telegram.
Ignore IPC - Prevents bots from logging eachother (e.g. 2 bots are in the same match).
Anti Spam - Prevents people from purposely spamming your relay channel (e.g. someone saying "a" over and over again).
Enable Chat Censor - Once a filtered word has been said the cheat will automatically send a newline in your teamchat in order to remove the word from chat (usually works very well to prevent people from calling you out).
Killsay Mode - What kind of words should be said after each kill?
Disable - Nothing will be said.
Custom - Will use words put by you in a custom txt file provided below in "Custom Killsay".
Default - Uses default lines provided by Cathook Developers.
NCC - Offensive - Will use lines from Nullcore's Offensive Killsay.
NCC - MLG - Will use lines from Nullcore's MLG Killsay.
Custom Killsay - This is where you put the name of your custom txt file for your killsays.
Killsay Delay - How long it should take between each Killsay line to be sent.
Remove Newlines - Prevents people from using newlines to clear the chat for you.
Anti-Spam - Prevents people from spamming the chat for you.
Crypto Chat - Allows you to type in Cathook's Nullnexus Chat (!!!(message) or cat_nullnexus_send (message) in console).
Newlines - How many newlines you wish to send after your message (useful to quickly clear the chat if you said something you didn't want to say).
Event Logger - Logs certain game events and puts it in a custom Cathook message.
Log Hurt Events - Logs every Hurt Event from any player (Recommended to have it turned off).
Log Join Events - Logs any player that is joining the server.
Log Connect Events - Logs any player that finished joining/connecting.
Log Disconnect Events - Logs any player that disconnected from the server.
Log Team join Events - Logs any player that switched team or joined spectator.
Log Death Events - Logs any player that has died.
Log Respawn Events - Logs any players that have respawned.
Log Class Change Events - Logs any player that has changed their class.
Identify - Allows you to see who is a Cathook user.
Counter Identify - Allows you to identify yourself as Cathook user (recommended to not be killed by any bots in casual).
Enable Crithack - Decide when you want your shot to be critical.
Save Bucket - Prevents random critical shots.
Crit Key - Force a crit when you hold the key.
Mele Crits - Meele will always crit when enabled.
Crit Text - Draws text to show when you can crit and can't crit.
Text x/y Posititon - Set where you want the Crit Text to be.
Crit Bar - Instead of Text, a bar is drawn.
Bar x/y Position - Set where you want the Crit Bar to be.
Bar Size - Set how big the bar will be.
Enable ESP - See Players/Items/Buildings and more through walls.
Legit Mode - Only draws ESP when enemies are visible to you.
Max Range - Restricts ESP from being drawn to a certain distance.
Enable Light ESP - Draws a Dot on the the enemy players (Not Recommended).
Teammate ESP - See your Teammates through walls.
ESP on Local Player - Draw ESP on yourself (seen through Thirdperson).
Building ESP - Display Buildings.
Health/Ammo Packs - See Health or Ammo Packs through walls.
Enable Item ESP - See dropped weapons.
Enable Projectile ESP - Display Projectiles.
Only Enemy projectiles - Only display enemy projectiles.
Tank ESP - Display the MvM Tank.
MvM Money/Red money - Display MvM Money/Red Money.
Mannpower Powerups - Display Mannpower Powerups.
Spellbooks - Display Spellbooks.
HL2:DM Weapons - Display HL2:DM Weapons.
TF2C Adrenaline - Display the Adrenaline from TF2C.
TC2C Weapon Spawner - Display Weapon Spawners from TF2C.
Arrows/Pipes/Rockets/Stickies - Customize when they should be displayed.
Disable - Won't display the specific Projectile.
Enemy - Display the Projectile at any time.
Crit - Display the Projectile only when it is critical.
3D Players - Display a 3D Box around Players.
3D Buildings - Display a 3D Box around Buildings.
Corner Size - Set how big the Corners should be (only works if you have Box Mode set to "Corners").
**Bone ESP - ** Display Playermodel skeleton.
Bone Color - Display skeleton in Team color.
Sightlines - See where enemy players are looking.
Expand - Expand the Box around Players/Buildings.
Text Position - Set where the Text of Players/Buildings should be.
Box Mode - What type of Box should be drawn.
Tracer Mode - Draws lines from towards the Players.
Disable - No lines will be drawn.
Center - Lines will be drawn from your crosshair.
Bottom - Lines will be drawn from the local player.
Health Mode - Set where the Health Bar should be displaye.
None - No Health Bar will be displayed.
Top Horizontal - Health Bar will be displayed on top of the Box.
Bottom Horizontal - Health Bar will be displayed on the bottom of the Box.
Vertical - Health Bar will be displayed on the left side of the Box.
Name - Display Player Names.
Health - Display Health (in text).
Distance - Display Distance.
Class - Display Player class.
Conditions - Display Conditions (e.g. Cloaked, Ubercharged).
Ubercharge % - Display Uber.
Powerup - Display Powerup.
Bot ID - Display a Catbots ID (Only for the bots you host).
Weapon - Display the current weapon.
Mode - Display Emojis on Player's heads.
None - No Emoji will be displayed.
Joy - A laughing Emoji will be displayed.
Thinking - A thinking Emoji will be displayed.
Min Size - Set how big the Emoji should be from the start.
Scaling - Scales the Emoji depending on your distance.
Size - Max Size for the Emoji.
Enable Glow - Display Glow.
Blur Scale - Set the Thickness of the Glow.
Health - Display Glow in Health Color from a player.
Solid When - When should the Glow be solid.
Never - Will never be solid.
Always - Will always be solid.
Not visible - Will only be solid when not visible to you.
Players - Display Players.
Teammates - Display Teammates.
Disguised - Display Disguised spies.
Local Player - Put Glow on yourself (seen in thirdperson).
Buildings - Display Buildings.
Team Buildings - Display Team Buildings.
Powerups - Display Powerups.
Stickies - Display Stickies.
Ammo/Health Packs - Display Ammo/Health Packs.
Weapons - Display dropped weapons.
Nightmode (GUI) - Set the Darkness for the TF2 HUD/GUI.
Nightmode (World) - Set the Darkness for the Map.
Nightmode Color (GUI) - Set the Color.
Nightmode Color (World) - Set the Color.
Draw Explosion Spheres - Visualize Explosion Spheres from Explosives.
Ragdoll Override - Set the effect for Ragdolls.
Auto - Automtically sets the Ragdoll effect.
Gib - Ragdolls will now always Gib.
Burning - Ragdolls will now always burn.
Electrocuted - Ragdolls will now always be electrocuted.
Ash - Ragdolls will now dissapear in Ashes.
Gold - Ragdolls will turn into Gold.
Ice - Ragdolls will be frozen.